President, all the celebrities and wealthy families in this city today
Will attend your reception
At that time, you only need to mention Miss Jiang's name
There will be a group of people pretending to be Jianghu
And people who want to get close to me
Sorry Mr. Shen
I didn't think it through
Shall we cancel the deposit?
No, nothing else.
You go and help me find a waiter's dress
Tonight.
I personally touched the place of Haonan in this group of Sea Cities
Yes
Mr. Shen doesn't know who he is thinking of
Can make the world's richest man come to find
This is not someone he likes.
Isn't that the wife of the richest man in the world?
That's incredible wealth.
To be the richest man in the world, this is my daughter-in-law
It's also a cheap reward for this bitch.
It's this point, Mr. Shen hasn't come yet
Why not come?
That's not buying clothes for Jiang Li for nothing
Are you all right?
Today's reception is full of Haicheng rich people
Buy Jiangli to anyone
We can all take care of ourselves
Oh, my daughter is still smart, hahaha.
Why are they all looking at me?
Because you are beautiful
dirty
Wow brother I hit you
Adi, is that you?